feat: psp22 example DAO contract (#407)
r0gue-io/pop-node: pop-api/examples/dao/README.md

# PSP22 DAO contract example

> 

Reviewer: A brief description for the contract here would be very helpful. Reference from [PSP22 example contract](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-node/tree/main/pop-api/examples/fungibles#psp22-fungible-token-with-pop-api). And if it possible, a mention that this DAO contract is built on top of Pop API is super meaningful to us.

## Description

> This contract implements a Decentralized Autonomous Organization using Psp22.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contract implements a Decentralized Autonomous Organization with token-based voting system built with Pop API.
```

The key functionalities include:
- **Membership Management**: It maintains a registry of DAO members.
- **Proposal Lifecycle**: The contract manages the creation, voting, and execution of proposals. Each proposal includes details like description, voting period, vote tallies, execution status, beneficiary, and amount to be awarded.
- **Voting Mechanism**: It implements a voting system where members can vote with their balance on proposals. The contract tracks voting periods and maintains vote counts for each proposal.

> - **Token Integration**: The DAO is associated with a specific Psp22 token_id.

Reviewer: Would be better to add a short description how the Pop API is used for the token-based voting system. I don't think we need to explain the relationship between token <> DAO here.

## Dao Workflow
- **Subscription**: The first step is membership: users use their funds* to join the Dao, become members, and determine their voting power, as membership gives them the right to vote on the use of the Dao Treasury.
- **Proposal**: Dao members can create spending proposals for the treasury. At the moment, the voting period for the proposal is given by the proposal creator, but this could be a Dao parameter, determined by the creator of the Dao contract.
- **Vote**: Members of the Dao can vote for or against a given proposal, through the selection of the corresponding proposal ID. The vote has to be cast within the voting period of the selected proposal.
- **Proposal enactment**: After the end of the voting period, If the proposal has been accepted by the Dao Members, the proposal can be enacted, i.e. funds can be claimed/transferred to the account specified as the beneficiary in the proposal. Any member can claim the reward for the winning proposal.

*It is assumed that after Dao & associated token creation, potential members own the Dao Token through airdrop, token purchase, etc... (These mechanisms are not part of the contract). 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Test with Pop Drink

Since this contract interacts directly with Pop’s runtime through the Pop API, it requires [Pop Drink](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-drink) for testing. See how the contract is tested in [tests](./tests.rs).

## Support

Be part of our passionate community of Web3 builders. [Join our Telegram](https://t.me/onpopio)!

Feel free to raise issues if anything is unclear, you have ideas or want to contribute to Pop! Examples using the fungibles API are always welcome!

For any questions related to ink! you can also go to [Polkadot Stack Exchange](https://polkadot.stackexchange.com/) or
ask the [ink! community](https://t.me/inkathon/1).
```
